Update Wayne > DataHaven dApp & Private Buckets are available (#48)
datahaven-xyz/datahaven-docs: store-and-retrieve-data/use-the-datahaven-dapp.md

---

# Use the DataHaven dApp

The DataHaven dApp is a convenient front-end for users to interact with the DataHaven network. It guides you through connecting your wallet, creating buckets, and uploading or downloading files without writing any code.

## Prerequisites

- DataHaven testnet RPC added to your wallet (see the [Testnet](/store-and-retrieve-data/network-details/testnet/#network-configurations){target=\_blank} page for RPC details; the connection flow below will also prompt you to add it)
- [MOCK testnet tokens](https://apps.datahaven.xyz/testnet/faucet){target=\_blank} to cover transactions and storage fees
- [DataHaven dApp testnet URL](https://datahaven.app/testnet){target=\_blank}

## Connect and Fund Your Wallet

To get started, visit the [DataHaven testnet portal](https://apps.datahaven.xyz/testnet){target=\_blank} and click **Connect**. When prompted, approve adding the DataHaven testnet RPC to your wallet, then sign the login message to authenticate.

![Connect your wallet on the DataHaven portal](/images/store-and-retrieve-data/use-the-datahaven-dapp/use-the-datahaven-dapp-1.webp)

> Then, in the **Faucet** tab, complete the captcha and click **Request tokens** to receive MOCK for gas and storage payments.

Reviewer: So this set of steps corresponds to 1,2,3 in the image. So we should have 1,2,3 in the text to match.

Could do something like this:

```suggestion
To request tokens:

1. Go to the **Faucet** tab.
2. Complete the captcha.
3. Click **Request tokens** to receive MOCK for gas and storage payments.
```

---
title: Use the DataHaven dApp
description: Use the DataHaven web dApp to create buckets, upload files, and download data on the DataHaven testnet without writing code.
---

# Use the DataHaven dApp

The DataHaven dApp is a convenient front-end for users to interact with the DataHaven network. It guides you through connecting your wallet, creating buckets, and uploading or downloading files without writing any code.

## Prerequisites

> - DataHaven testnet RPC added to your wallet (see the [Storage Starter Kit](/store-and-retrieve-data/starter-kit/#network-configurations){target=\_blank} for RPC details; the connection flow below will also prompt you to add it)

Reviewer: This used to be a valid link, which means we did not either create a redirect or it wasn't created correctly or we forgot to notify opslayer. Not sure which of these it was. But we need to make sure we're following the appropriate steps to create redirects when a page moves.

> - DataHaven testnet RPC added to your wallet (see the [Storage Starter Kit](/store-and-retrieve-data/starter-kit/#network-configurations){target=\_blank} for RPC details; the connection flow below will also prompt you to add it)

Author: @eshaben 
```
{
      "key": "/store-and-retrieve-data/starter-kit/",
      "value": "/store-and-retrieve-data/network-details/testnet/"
    }
```
This is on the main branch of the `datahaven-mkdocs` repo and the redirect does work on prod. I think it 404s because when Kevin clicked it he tried it locally and there isn't any logic redirecting locally, right? (I tried locally and it 404ed for me too). 

None the less, I've updated this url to lead to the Testnet page we now have.

- [MOCK testnet tokens](https://apps.datahaven.xyz/faucet){target=\_blank} to cover transactions and storage fees
- [DataHaven dApp testnet URL](https://datahaven.app/testnet){target=\_blank}

## Connect and Fund Your Wallet

To get started, visit the [DataHaven testnet portal](https://apps.datahaven.xyz/testnet){target=\_blank} and click **Connect**. When prompted, approve adding the DataHaven testnet RPC to your wallet, then sign the login message to authenticate.

> ![Connect your wallet on the DataHaven portal](/images/datahaven-dapp/datahaven-dapp-1.webp)

Author: Thanks for calling this out. Fixed

2. Click **Upload**, choose a file from your computer, and leave replication settings as-is (they are fixed in the current release).
3. Select **Create Storage Request** and confirm the transaction to start the upload.

> ![Creating a storage request for an upload](/images/datahaven-dapp/datahaven-dapp-6.webp)

Reviewer: The numbered steps don't match with the numbers in the image anymore

Reviewer: Same thing with step 3, you can't see what the button text says in the image
